Good morning, Warren, Greg, and Ajit. My
name is Jackie Han. I'm from China and
now work in Toronto, Canada. This is my
eighth Birkshshire hustling meetings at
this point. I've probably spent more
time with you than most people spend on
Netflix. As you might guess, coming from
a Chinese family, we've always had a
soft spot for real estate. So, the your
question isn't why don't you own a
house, it's why are you still buying
stocks instead of more property? So here
is my question. With today's high
interest rates and global uncertainty,
do you still believe in being greedy
when others are fearful or the value
investing facing new challenges in
today's environment? Thank you. Yeah.
Well, in respect
to real estate, it's so much harder than
stocks in terms of
uh negotiation of deals, time
spent, the involvement of multiple
parties in the ownership. Usually when
when when real estate gets in trouble,
you find out you're dealing with more
than the equity holder.
Uh uh but there have been times when
uh large amounts of real estate
uh have changed hands at bargain prices,
but usually stocks were cheaper, but
they were a lot easier to do. So
uh Charlie did more real estate. Charlie
enjoyed real estate transactions.
uh and and he actually did a fair number
of them in the last 5 years of his life.
Uh but he was, you know, he was playing
a game that it was an interesting game
to him. Uh but I think if he you'd asked
him to make a choice when he was 21, he
had to either be in stocks exclusively
the rest of his life or real estate the
rest of his life, he would have chosen
stocks.
Second, the there's just so much more
opportunity, at least in the United
States. There's so much more
opportunity that presents
itself in the security market than it
does in real estate. And in real estate,
you're dealing with a usually dealing
with a single owner or a family that
owns maybe a large property they've had
a long time. Maybe they borrowed too
much money against it. Maybe the
population trends are against them. But
but to them, it's an
enormous decision. When you walk down to
the New York Stock Exchange, you can do
billions of dollars worth of business,
totally anonymous, and you can do it in
5 minutes. And the trades are complete
when they're complete. In real estate,
when you make a deal, a big deal with a
distress lender, it, you know, when you
sign the deal, then you go into another
phase. I mean then people start
negotiating more things and more things
and it's it's it's a whole different
game and a different type of person to
some extent enjoys the game. Uh
uh we uh we we did a few real estate
deals that came our way in 2008 and
nine, but but see the amount of time
that they would take us compared to
doing something intelligent and probably
better. Uh and securities
uh there was just no comparison. I mean,
in a real estate deal, every every
sentence is as important to the person
and and in stocks,
uh, if somebody needs to sell 20,000
shares of Birkshire or something and
they call us and the price is right,
it's done in 5 seconds and and it closes
all the time. that uh uh people who you
certainly wouldn't want to have marry
your daughter
or they behave well actually
um in in in in socks. Partly that's
because that they're probably having
their their wires or phones or whatever
it is uh recorded as to what they've
said and everything. But but the the
completion rate for working on anything
in stocks is if assuming you're got a
meeting of the minds on prices
essentially 100% in real estate. It just
begins when you agree on deals and then
they they take forever. So that for a
guy 94 it's it's not it's not the most
interesting thing to get involved in
something where the where the
negotiations could take years. Uh and
uh we we have the
capability. There have been some huge
failures in in in
fact at uh if you go all the way back to
Zackorf in the 1960s he was going to
change the world and Century City out in
California is a product of his and and
if you go to uh Urus if you go
to he was sitting on top of the world
with the earth buildings and uh
so people tend to get in trouble in that
business.
Uh the banks usually don't want to
recognize it, but that takes a long time
to go through the through the bank
processes. They just got through
redoing the Musk cologne that he made
did when he was buying it three years
ago. uh uh the company that's now X and
you know 3 years to work out a
transaction that uh where you've got
parties on both sides that aren't ready
to act that we find it much better when
people are just ready to pick up the
phone and you can do hundreds of
millions of dollars worth of business in
the day. I've been spoiled but I like
being spoiled so we'll keep it that way.